Especially in an apology. When an apology is written before, it's written on a template. It's self-serving, it's follow these step to make someone feel better.
I should express an apology from my inner truth. You know you fucked up and feel terrible for causing any distress. It is far to easy to send a
I wasn't picking up on the signals. There was a part of you that noticed but you just obsessed about it instead. You had a voice telling you it was wrong. That voice tells you a lot of things. Pick up your room. Put your shoes away. You are getting signals from Cassidy. The point of the text was to figure out where we were and if I am not on the right page, but I imagined it would go a different way, without considering the stirring up of distress I was doing for her. I should have read the signals and I will assume if I'm picking up on signals.
I stressed about it instead, it just ruminated over it, what did I do wrong? Intention doesn't matter when you cause someone distress. If I keep saying that I am having mental health issues then you can't always trust your thoughts.
This is the ironic part. What you were trying to do was to ask her what the state of your friendship is. What is should have been maybe instead is, do you want me to back off? Is that what you ask? I don't know how to do that politely or I feel like understand the rules at all. It's a shitty excuse, but you will learn from this.
Cassidy's perspective.
There's a bunch of things going on in my life. Work is hella stressful. I have a new friend who I really blended with who is into all the same things as me. He's a delight, kind of depressed sometimes. There's Drew, who has issues but has learned to keep them away from the workplace, and Jenna is a friend and supportive and just good people.
I still have a lot of shit going on. One of my co-workers who I hung out with only a little will not back off. He's part of the friend group ish but he isn't making a good second impression. Maybe I think he is all those things I said he was, maybe I don't. He sent me several dramatics texts over the last couple weeks, and I put a lot of effort into the first couple requests. When I had a bunch of other shit going on.
He sends me one Thursday that is really extreme. This is a lot to unpack, and I have all this other shit going on, wtf. I cancel my plans on Friday to hangout with him and Drew and Justin. He maybe doesn't seem to get it. Just another man who is unaware of the effects that he has on everything around him.
He asks me to meet him on Monday. I do it. He asks me how I weekend is. He meekly asks if the texts were okay, he's obviously worried because his emotions are always over the top and you can read his face like a book.
He stammers our “were the texts okay”
I tell him that no they didn't. You talk about work stuff briefly, he wants to take off time for his health. He looks extremely shamed, can't look you in the eye. He stammers and stammers. I tell him a few more things, and leave. Go see Justin and go on a walk so I can cool off.



It was inconsiderate and misjudged and you are sorry you read the situation wrong and caused them distress. You You will be more considerate of their boundaries in the future and will keep things at a professional level.

People lie all the time

I will find a more considerate way to ask about boundaries, especially if I think someone is giving “back off” or “uncomfortable” signals. Not only ask, but figure out a way to ask without. Or just don't ask, especially if I was correctly receiving the message in the first place, I just kept telling myself that everything was fine.

If I fee like I am making someone uncomfortable, if I do ask, I should find an open public place to ask about it, finding a way to give them the power to leave or do whatever. Again, or just don't and if they want to keep hanging out, they'll say something.

But that's not the case, not everyone will invite you to things. Are you a leader or a controller? Do you fear being whipped around

This is just for you, not them. You picked up on the signals. Instead of just thinking about them, find a safe and acceptable way to ask if you need to change your behavior. If there are intersectionality issues, be extra sensitive about how you are affecting people, especially if you are in the privledge position. A white straight man in an office of straight men. You want to be separate but you need to remember that you are not. Neither are they, but

Maybe you should talk to someone who knows, like J. Don't just leap to another woman. Professional ask for her opinion on what to do. Or don't lean on women, find a person of equal privledge, the privledged need to teach the privledged. Talk to Drew about it. Just let him know everything, he is your friend.

What terrifies me is not that Cassidy doesn't like me. It that I fixated on someone and created a relationship that didn't exist and that I am, just not appear to be, a predator who abuses women. This is my deepest fear. It underlines a lot of what I do. Maybe it's why my relationships with women can be hard to figure out. I love them. Women are my favorite people. More loving, more hard-working, more under-appreciated, more hardened, more willing to bring out their shared trauma to strengthen each other. More connected and more present. Men are liars and are disconnected from reality. Particularly white straight men who have never had to deal with anything difficult.

I was changed by an abusive man, he altered my trajectory and showed me what women can do and what they go through and keep on living their best. My love of women is absolute. I would die for them. I don't want to protect them, I am not needed for that. I don't want to be holding the gun, or even hanging over the gun, I want to wear down the hinges on the door and help them take it down so they can arm themselves. I want them to rule the world. I might not die for men but I will die for women. I admire them. They are the strength that keeps me and the rest of the world going.

That is the feeling of feeling good. You feel yourself in your body. You do not care what anyone else thinks of you. You can't be liked by everyone.

You become a part of your body, your soul. Fuck the haters. Be you, “people like you better when you are you”. Fuck man, all I want to do is please people and have everyone like me. Except for Cory, fuck Cory.

You like it so much better when you grab on to you. You become a part of yourself. You are present and aware. It's not caring what people think about you. It's not being smiley when you aren't feeling smiley (enough to grease the wheels or none at all)?

Is pleasing different than helping? And I not supposed to think about all the people around me? This is self-defense voice.

And worry voice, and shaken up voice. The dissociate voice. The dissapear into you voice. The critic voice.

How did I get to safety? Disapproval is okay. Disapproval is okay. Disapproval is okay.

I had a shift in my brain. I don't know why I can't get my heart to stop beating so fast. I used tot gunk it was due to the mj but I haven't smoked for 3 days.

Transfeminine is me, def. idk about demigigrl. But it just had the shift in my brain that p

I don't know how to write it down, it makes sense up there. It's a shift from the middle to feminine. It's why I don't automatically get along with gay men. They are still men, I should try to get to know them though. I don't know why drew and I work so well together.

Maybe it's why I get aong better with my mom the I do my dad. I am a woman. Should I just accept that? I'm a woman and not female and I am happy with that. I like myself. I have a hard time feminine men though, I just don't like it. Like they are trying too hard. The tilted up eyes into the camera with their bangs over their thick eyebrows. It doesn't look right.

What would I think about myself if I tried to look like that? Would I be handsome? Beautiful? Dashing? Gorguise? I wish I could spell. I wish people could recognize me as feline from far away. I hate feminine men though. I have a beef with them. They bother me. I don't want to associate with them, I want to associate with women.

A feminine appearing man may not be non binary at all. Maybe looks and the shape of what *should* be a man doesn't matter. Fuck the conservative pricks who think being non binary doesn't exist. We're right here and we're talking.

Can I go to groups focused on women? I don't want to go to groups based off men but I don't know where I fit in. Holy shit this is what it's like to be trans. I wish I didn't feel like I had to fit a particular ascetic. I am uncomfortable with myself, so it's no wonder I am uncomfortable with people who remind me of myself. I like to think they are the Other, but they aren't because they are reflections of myself. Your observations only reveal your own biases.

